and friends of youtube soy de vicks
commenting here
This will teach you how to make the types
server
Minecraft
this the only thing you have to do is
go to the page
kraft dot net the official obviously not
surely you are thinking why
carajo recorded with matica and not with cantes
study good this one a conclusion
that it already housed a field of study and
record with mali khan as it serves to
record games and also serves to
record this but we precede this you
we download and we are going to die this
server says minecraft for selling a
single call multiplayer server
run
after all until it seems like so much mom
from this
and right now you have to do this
truly
and ready
already in documents
and in downloads where you have
this is not mine
open with I have a lot more than
put other programs of the
section and so you do not have it
and this is what
right now , here you put yourself here
it's going to look like you give it false since that
is for those who have the original brand
do not lose or later you'll ops the
remove appear this list is to put
name your friends well for the
team your friends' others by
inside one that I have
save
you follow so that your friends in
observe this identify themselves after
appear this and the bazaar the stylist
then instant
you have to download
and it's already installed
we'll see
efe
and this
we do not go in network
they are upside down we give it and network does not
puts
it is not it is not known who is the
world
it was close
and what we have to do is go now
your brand
so
the blue and beach
and we will add Cervélo we
r
well we have to observe andrés is
this the 5
to kaká
102 34 points 19 points 52 yandong and
everywhere
yes really
what hair
shit
really
what fart
but there is no fart
let's go again since you look
nothing else
tiled
from where
for
but I do not know what happened but the
video is not a watch as it does not
to have open subscribe the button is
around here it's free and bye